Several SQL fixes; multiple small commits (#4458)
feldera/feldera: docs.feldera.com/docs/sql/types.md

| `REAL`                      | IEEE 32-bit floating point number                                                                                                                                  | `FLOAT4`, `FLOAT32`        |
| `DOUBLE`                    | IEEE 64-bit floating point number                                                                                                                                  | `FLOAT8`, `FLOAT64`        |
| `VARCHAR(n)`                | A string value with maximum fixed width. Trailing spaces are removed when converting a value to this type.                                                         | `CHARACTER VARYING(n)`     |

> | `CHAR(n)`                   | A string value with a fixed width. Values are truncated if longer, or padded with spaces if shorter, to be brought to the specified size. We recommend against using CHAR(n) columns.  | `CHARACTER(n)`             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CHAR(n)`                   | A string value with a fixed width. Values are truncated if longer, or padded with spaces if shorter, to be brought to the specified size. This type is supported for legacy reasons; we recommend using `VARCHAR` intead. See [below](...).  | `CHARACTER(n)`             |
```
